1	Subject; Area of Validity
1.1	The following general terms and conditions regulate the use of online and mobile games and other services provided by Altigi GmbH/Goodgame Studios (hereinafter referred to as "Goodgame Studios"), Theodorstr. 42-90, 22761 Hamburg, on Goodgame Studios' websites and in app stores.
1.2	Goodgame Studios offers online and mobile games and other services within the context of its technical and operational capabilities, with an average annual availability of 90% (ninety percent). This does not include periods of time during which the use of online and mobile games and other services are interrupted or affected due to urgent technical reasons or required maintenance work. Goodgame Studios is not liable for these instances in accordance with the conditions of this contract. This also does not include periods of time in which Goodgame Studios' general servers or the servers of certain games do not allow online access due to reasons beyond Goodgame Studios' control (force majeure, third party responsibility, etc.).
1.3	Goodgame Studios continuously updates, changes, and develops its online and mobile games and other services at its own discretion. Users can therefore only participate in the respective online game, mobile game, or other offer in its respective form provided at any given time. Goodgame Studios retains the right to cease operating an online or mobile game or remove a specific service without explanation.
1.4	Online and mobile games and other services offered by Goodgame Studios are intended solely for the purpose of entertainment. The use of these games or services for business or commercial purposes is strictly prohibited.
1.5	Users are responsible for ensuring that their own software and hardware is suitable and up-to-date.
1.6	In addition to these general terms and conditions, any existing rules of the respective online or mobile game shall also apply. In the case of an inconsistency between these general terms and conditions and the rules of the game, the provisions of these general terms and conditions shall take precedence when settling the instance of contradiction. In addition, specific terms and conditions shall also apply to certain online or mobile games, specific versions and/or components of online or mobile games, and individual services offered on Goodgame Studios' websites as appropriate. Users will be appropriately informed of any specific terms and conditions prior to use of the respective offer.
1.7	Users have the opportunity to use the services of Goodgame Studios' contractual partners for various online and mobile games and other services. In these cases, a separate contract between the user and the respective contractual partner of Goodgame Studios shall be concluded. Users will be informed of this in an appropriate manner prior to concluding the contract.
1.8	Other provisions or general terms and conditions of a user, which deviate from Goodgame Studios' general terms and conditions, shall only apply if Goodgame Studios gives prior written consent to their validity.
2	Conclusion of Contract
2.1	In order to use the online and mobile games and other services provided by Goodgame Studios, users must register for and, if needed, install the app in question.
2.2	Only natural persons are eligible for registration. Only individual persons are permitted to be authorized users (no groups, families, spouses or life partners, etc.).
2.3	Children under 16 years of age are not permitted to register.
2.4	Users are not permitted to download mobile games via the Apple App Store if they are:
located in a country that is subject to an embargo by the US government or in a country that the US government classifies as supportive of terrorism.
on the US government's list of prohibited or restricted parties.
2.5	Users must enter a player name and generally an email address registered to the user in order to register for the online games; the mobile games require a player name. Users have no claim to a particular player name. The selected player name may not infringe upon the rights of third parties and violate existing legal prohibitions or common decency. Moreover, no email or web address may be used as a player name. Users must ensure that the information provided to Goodgame Studios during registration is genuine and complete.
2.6	Certain games also allow registration using Facebook login credentials. The data required for registration shall be taken from the user's Facebook account for this purpose.
2.7	Users must register for their accounts themselves. Registration performed via third parties, especially those that register individual people commercially at various service providers (registration services and/or entry services), is not permitted.
2.8	After successful registration, the user creates an account ("user account") which the user can manage independently. The user account cannot be transferred without the explicit consent of Goodgame Studios.
2.9	Users have no right to claim registration or activation.
3	General User Obligations
3.1	User data
Users agree to immediately provide Goodgame Studios with any future changes to data entered upon registration, in particular any change to the email address. Users are obliged to confirm for Goodgame Studios the accuracy of their data upon request.
3.2	Login data, identification, passwords
3.2.1	Users are required to maintain strict confidentiality regarding all login data, identification, and passwords.
3.2.2	The terms "login data", "identification", and "passwords" include all letter and/or character and/or number sequences used to authenticate the user and prevent unauthorized use by third parties. The password should not be identical to the player name, and it should consist of a combination of numbers and letters.
3.2.3	Users are required to protect all login data, identification, and passwords from third-party access.
3.2.4	In the event that a user has reason to believe that third parties have obtained or may have obtained unauthorized login data, identification, or passwords, they shall inform Goodgame Studios immediately and change their data or have it changed by Goodgame Studios. In this case or in the event that Goodgame Studios has concrete evidence of misuse of data, Goodgame Studios has the right to temporarily block access to the user's account. If there is evidence of misuse of data, Goodgame Studios shall inform the user.
3.2.5	Users are under no circumstances entitled to use the login data of another user, unless the rules of the respective online or mobile game or other service allow for exceptions.
3.3	Use of Goodgame Studios' websites and website content
3.3.1	Goodgame Studios' websites and mobile games include various content that is protected by trademarks, copyrights, or other means for the benefit of Goodgame Studios or third parties. Unless explicitly permitted within these general terms and conditions, users may not edit, copy, distribute, publicly reproduce, use for advertising purposes, or use beyond the contractually agreed purposes any of Goodgame Studios' websites, mobile games, or the content or any portion thereof. Only technical copies intended for browsing purposes and permanent copies intended solely for private use shall be permitted. Copyright information and brand names may not be changed, hidden, or removed.
3.3.2	The term "content" includes all data, images, text, graphics, music, sounds, sound sequences, videos, software programs and codes, and other information provided by Goodgame Studios. The term "content" also includes, in particular, all services available for download.
3.3.3	Users are obliged to abstain from any measure which may compromise or interrupt the proper functioning of Goodgame Studios' websites, any individual services and/or offers there, or its online and mobile games. Users are also required to abstain from any measure which may allow unauthorized access to data. Content may only be called up in a manner that does not affect other users' use of Goodgame Studios' websites and content. The transfer of data or software that may affect the hardware or software of recipients is not permitted.
3.3.4	Any use of Goodgame Studios' websites or mobile games for commercial purposes, especially advertising purposes, requires the express prior written consent of Goodgame Studios.
3.3.5	Users are not entitled to publish content on Goodgame Studios' websites, online games, mobile games, or other services.
3.3.6	Goodgame Studios' websites may not be used via an anonymization service that hides the user's true IP address.
3.4	Use of client software
‪ In the case of offers which require the prior installation of a client software, Goodgame Studios grants the user an unrestricted, non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, and time-limited in terms of the user agreement right to install the client software and use it for the agreed purposes according to these general terms and conditions and the rules of the respective game. The software may not be used for commercial purposes in any manner. Modifications to the client software and a back-translation of the relinquished programming code into other code forms (decompilation) and other types of reverse engineering of the software's various production levels are prohibited if these are not required for establishing interoperability. Goodgame Studios is liable for damages to the user in accordance with the statutory liability provisions.
4	Specific Terms for the Use of Online and Mobile Games
4.1	The user may only take part in every round (e.g. World, Universe, etc.) of an online game or mobile game using one user account, unless the respective rules of the game allow for exceptions from this. The use of several user accounts by one user is not permitted. Multiuser accounts such as these may be deleted or banned at the reasonable discretion of Goodgame Studios.
4.2	Users are prohibited from enacting any form of manipulative interference in online or mobile games. In particular, users are not entitled to utilize measures, mechanisms, or software that could interfere with the function or progress of the game. Users may not take measures that may cause an unreasonable or excessive burden on technical capacity. Users are not allowed to block, rewrite, or modify content generated by the game administration or to interfere with the game in any other manner.
4.3	Under no circumstances may users
a) create or use cheats, mods and/or hacks, or any other third party software products that may change the result of the online or mobile games,
b) use software that allows the mining of data or otherwise intercepts or collects information in connection to the online and mobile games,
c) use virtual items that are being used in online or mobile games outside of the online or mobile games, purchase virtual items for "real" money, or sell or swap virtual items,
d) sell, buy, or trade user accounts.
This includes all circumventions, similar actions, or actions that produce an effect that matches the aforementioned bans.
4.4	Users are also prohibited from running the online game (including all individual web pages) with programs other than the internet browser or the client program that has been provided. This refers in particular to so-called bots and other tools meant to replace or supplement the web interface. Also prohibited are scripts and completely or partially automated programs that provide users with an advantage over other users. This includes auto-refresh functions and other integrated browser mechanisms if they concern automated procedures.
4.5	It is prohibited to apply measures that hide advertisements. It is of no significance whether advertising is deliberately hidden or can not be displayed in general e.g. by so-called pop-up blockers, text-based browsers, or similar.
4.6	The automated creation of user accounts, regardless of whether the home page is displayed or not, is not permitted.
4.7	Goodgame Studios or contractors authorized by Goodgame Studios hold all and exclusive rights to items used and virtual items provided in online or mobile games. Users will only receive a non-exclusive right of use to the virtual items for the duration of the user agreement.
4.8	Chip transfers
a) Giving chips as gifts
You may give chips to your buddies using the "send chips" tool. This tool is found by clicking on a picture of a buddy at the table or by viewing their profile page. However, you are not allowed to send these gifts in exchange for money or an equivalent to money. Doing so could result in your accounts being blocked or a chip penalty being stipulated at the reasonable discretion of Goodgame Studios.
b) Chip transfers
The only permissible method for transferring chips between accounts is the "send chips" tool (see Point a).  Losing chips on purpose (e.g. purposefully losing a poker hand at the table) in order to send chips to a buddy (or to yourself at another account) represents a breach of the general terms and conditions. Doing so could result in your account being blocked and a chip penalty being stipulated at the reasonable discretion of Goodgame Studios.
c) Chip farming / scripting
The misuse of scripts or manual processes in order to create chips is not permitted. Doing so could result in Goodgame Studios blocking the respective user account or stipulating a chip penalty.
5	Specific conditions for the use of communication facilities (particularly discussion forums, chats, comments)
5.1	Goodgame Studios may provide users with different communication facilities for self-created entries and posts on Goodgame Studios' websites, in the game, and on social networks (particularly discussion forums, chats, blogs, guest books, etc. as well as the utilization of their comment functions, altogether known as the "communication facilities"), which the user may use when available. In this regard, Goodgame Studios only provides users with the technical environment for an exchange of information. However, users do not have the right to claim communication features.
5.2	Users take full responsibility for the content and entries they post. Users agree to release Goodgame Studios from any legitimate claims from third parties arising from a culpable violation of the users' obligations. Goodgame Studios explicitly does not claim content entered by users as its own. However, users shall grant Goodgame Studios the permanent, irrevocable, non-exclusive right to use the content and contributions posted by the users.
5.3	Within the context of these communication facilities, users are prohibited from publishing or distributing content on Goodgame Studios' websites that:
a) violates an applicable law, goes against common decency, or breaches the general terms and conditions or the rules of the respective game;
b) violates trademarks, patents, utility or design patterns, copyrights, trade secrets, or other rights of third parties;
c) is obscene, racist, violent, pornographic, of adult content, or otherwise threatening to the development of children and adolescents, or of a detrimental nature;
d) is of an abusive, harassing, or defamatory nature;
e) includes chain letters or pyramid schemes;
f) falsely suggests that it is provided or supported by Goodgame Studios;
g) contains personal data of third parties without their explicit consent;
h) is commercial, in particular promotional, in nature.
5.4	The inclusion of websites or names of companies and products is only permitted if this is not primarily for advertising purposes.
5.5	All users of these communication facilities are required to use acceptable words. Abusive criticism or derogatory attacks shall be avoided.
5.6	Notwithstanding any other rights under these general terms and conditions, Goodgame Studios has the right to fully or partially remove content and entries that violate the rules of these general terms and conditions. Goodgame Studios also has the right to exclude users who violate these rules, in whole or temporarily, from further use of Goodgame Studios' online and mobile games, websites, and other services.